docs: update README (#62)
eduNEXT/tutor-contrib-edunext-distro: README.md

> ## What is distro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Distro is a tool to facilitate the customization of an Openedx instance, adding commands and settings to have an easy-to-use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin is a tool to facilitate the customization of an Openedx instance, adding commands and settings to have an easy-to-use
```

Author: done

Distro plugin manages a set of settings that you can configure, to know how to do that check:

> - [How to customize distro](./docs/how_to_customize_distro.rst)

Reviewer 2: I think will be necessary to modify https://github.com/eduNEXT/tutor-contrib-edunext-distro/blob/master/docs/how_to_customize_distro.rst to add the extra-commands `DISTRO_EXTRA_COMMANDS`

Author: done
